{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\cf0\i\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.2.3.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/aecc05fe267cc68dde00352a451aa867b3b546ac}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2019\mo9\dy10\hr20\min47}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab720
\hyphauto0\viewscale200
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\tx0\tx500\tx1000\tx1500\tx2000\tx2500\tx3000\tx3500\tx4000\tx4500\tx5000\tx5500\tx6000\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f5\hich\af5
In this document, (-) will be used in place of theta, and point1/point2 will be used to denote lines, and point1/point2/point3 will be used to denote triangles}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\tx0\tx500\tx1000\tx1500\tx2000\tx2500\tx3000\tx3500\tx4000\tx4500\tx5000\tx5500\tx6000\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f5\hich\af5
The goal of triangulation is to use two cameras in known offset positions to find the location of an object. The above figures are valid for both the top view (x-z displacement) and side view (y-z displacement) of the vision fields of two offset cameras. Each set of these figures can solve for the object\u8217\'92s displacement in the given dimensions. If the cameras only have a horizontal offset, the calculations only need to be preformed in the x/z axis, but if any y offset is introduced, calculations must be preformed in both dimensions to obtain a 3-dimensional knowledge of the object\u8217\'92s location. A slightly different process, not defined in this document, must take place if any z displacement is introduced.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\tx0\tx500\tx1000\tx1500\tx2000\tx2500\tx3000\tx3500\tx4000\tx4500\tx5000\tx5500\tx6000\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f5\hich\af5
In order to find the object\u8217\'92s location relative to the cameras in either pair of given dimensions, the camera\u8217\'92s angular range of vision ((-)v1 and (-)v2) in the x/y dimension and the camera\u8217\'92s rotation north of the line c1/c2 ((-)i1 and (-)i2) must be known. Object detection returns the x or y component as a number between 0 and 1 directly proportional to the object\u8217\'92s displacement from the left side of p11/p12 and p22/p21, which are the edges of the camera\u8217\'92s field of vision. The a variable therefore determines how much of the range of vision (-)v should apply to (-)c. With this component as a, the equation for (-)c1 is (-)i + (-)v*(1-a), and the equation for (-)c2 is (-)i + (-)v*a. With (-)c1 and (-)c2 found, we can now find (-)t with 2pi-((-)c1+(-)c2) (fig 2) and find c1/t and c2/t with the law of sines, the recently found angles, and (-)t. This nets the equations c1-t = d*sin((-)c2)/sin((-)t), and c2/t = d*sin((-)c1)/sin((-)t). This nets the magnitude of both the z and x/y displacement from the object for each camera.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\tx0\tx500\tx1000\tx1500\tx2000\tx2500\tx3000\tx3500\tx4000\tx4500\tx5000\tx5500\tx6000\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f5\hich\af5
In order to find the displacement of t relative to an x/z or y/z plane, we must refer to figure 3. We have created a right triangle out of c1/i1/t1, and can find (-)c1\u8217\'92 with the following formula: 90-(-)c1. i1/t and i1/c, the z and x/y displacement from c1, can then be found with i1/t = c1/t*sin((-)c1\u8217\'92) and i1/c = c1/t*cos((-)c1\u8217\'92). The displacement can then be translated to any point who\u8217\'92s relationship with c1 is known.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1033\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\tx0\tx500\tx1000\tx1500\tx2000\tx2500\tx3000\tx3500\tx4000\tx4500\tx5000\tx5500\tx6000\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af6\dbch\af6\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f5\hich\af5
The object\u8217\'92s distance from the camera is necessary to find possible object orientations with the bounding boxes provided by the object detectors. In order to find the object\u8217\'92s orientation relative to the camera, refer to fig 4. Right triangle c1/m1/t can be solved by finding (-)m1 as (-)c1-(-)v1/2-(-)i1 and (-)m2 as (-)c2-(-)v2/2-(-)i2. The lengths of t/m1 and t/m2 are the negative x/y displacements from the cameras, and the lengths of m1/c1 and m2/c2 are the positive z displacements from the cameras. t/m1 = t/c1*sin((-)m1), m1/c1= t/c1*cos((-)m1), t/m2 = t/c2*sin((-)m2), m2/c2 = t/c2*cos((-)m2). The x/y and z displacements for camera 1 are -t/m1 and m1/c1 respectively, and the x/y and z displacements for camera 2 are -t/m2 and m1/c2 respectively.}
\par }